If you are an absolute amateur for the first time playing a rugby game then you are surprised
Maybe over the crowd on the field Sa at the attachment and
cared for it is a very important game element the black beer and still
something you absolutely must know with the hand you must not just the ball
throw backwards
If you can not imagine everything right now then look
They just relaxed to us today for them both finals
German championship in Frankfurt
when these hard-fought battle against body throw into the fray of a field
immediately
the large number of
female fans in the audience
For example, women are about particularly large market the connoisseurs perhaps even larger
Rooms the experts like a lot of man
so honest this way of oiling
I have
Nani g-ba
what is not
more Mattia Pasini and the strong men defeated the Rhinelander
The sport is not why they still bake so many women at the same time
Reilly - of course - many offers
only the most beautiful in it lies the portion of the clear words or
Mr 16 07 clock Couples the world number 16 from the SC 18 80 Frankfurt Sun Numbers
16 that's what Sladen likes
Face had to
So the 16 percent
September 1901 was
in the way
the 16 and u
the money in their community Martin 1 out
that means that squandered
Manuel Thormann analyst himself civilians
Norman Salad enlightened this man Andrew Shore as edgy said that
Immediately gets to feel the full severity of abuse of power
Humming there, the man with the action really hurt himself
short moment of shock
and then
the final for the German championship
in every relationship
Defending champion Frankfurt in red-black so in front of home scenery
to impress the opponent from Heidelberg
to defend the guests in blue and white
By the way, any type of upholstery is prohibited
the players are dressed
for the footballers
Every body contact litigation steamed on the bones
Playing time twice 40 minutes the last seconds are currently running
traumatic final
he does not do everything this attacks must also be shot exactly over the bar
the city of Bad Waltersdorf
Nicola enforces the no longer considered possible extension
not in such a way
but then
the hits
everything open
nothing with Scrum
this time
Heidelberg is the better team and profits after extra time earned with
39 to 22 and there is still one winner after this high-class finale
Today, I grew and grew and it has to go on like this
Staying ground though, it has not flowed or concerns its duration
but now there the Dortelweiler but Bertz
we want to dare
you have to accept it clouds further episode what was not difficult with this stint
should fall